Initial Commit for Cortex Integration (#1)
armorblox/content: Packs/Armorblox/Integrations/Armorblox/Armorblox_description.md

> ## ArmorbloxTo configure an instance of Armorblox integration in Cortex XSOAR:- Provide 'TENANT NAME'    Copy the tenant name from your Armorblox URL (TENANTNAME.armorblox.com).- Provide 'API Key'    Create an API Key in Armorblox. Navigate to `SETTINGS --> API KEYs` and click on `+CREATE API KEY` to generate a new API key. Specify a descriptive name (e.g. Cortex) and click `CREATE`. The key will be displayed once in a popup window and must be copied and saved in a secure location. CREATE API Keys should never be shared with anyone other than internal Armorblox admins. The API key must be included with each GET request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Armorblox

To configure an instance of Armorblox integration in Cortex XSOAR:

- Provide 'TENANT NAME'
    Copy the tenant name from your Armorblox URL (TENANTNAME.armorblox.com).

- Provide 'API Key'
    Create an API Key in Armorblox. Navigate to `Settings --> API Keys` and click on `+Create API Key` to generate a new API key. Specify a descriptive name (e.g. Cortex) and click `Create`. The key will be displayed once in a popup window and must be copied and saved in a secure location. The API keys thus created should never be shared with anyone other than internal Armorblox admins. The API key must be included with each GET request
```

## Armorblox

To configure an instance of Armorblox integration in Cortex XSOAR:

- Provide 'TENANT NAME'
    Copy the tenant name from your Armorblox URL (TENANTNAME.armorblox.com).

- Provide 'API Key'
    Create an API Key in Armorblox. Navigate to `Settings --> API Keys` and click on `+Create API Key` to generate a new API key. Specify a descriptive name (e.g. Cortex) and click `Create`. The key will be displayed once in a popup window and must be copied and saved in a secure location. The API keys thus created should never be shared with anyone other than internal Armorblox admins. The API key must be included with each GET request

> To configure an instance of Armorblox integration in Cortex XSOAR:

Reviewer: The old content seems to be duplicated below. Please remove.
